Update `plasmapy.particles._parsing.extract_charge()` to better handle white spaces (#1555)
PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy: changelog/1555.bugfix.rst

Updated the regular expression matching used by

> `~plasmapy.particles.particle_class.Paricle` to parse and identify a
> :term:`particle-like` string.  This fixes the bug where a string with
> a trailing space (e.g. ``"Ar "``) was convert into a negatively charged

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`~plasmapy.particles.particle_class.Particle` to parse and identify a
:term:`particle-like` string.  This fixes the bug where a string with
a trailing space (e.g. ``"Ar "``) was converted into a negatively charged
```
